README.md, before:

# weird_keyboards
weird javascript keyboards.  mostly for psychological testing.  mostly jsfiddles?

# What in the... Why?
Why do we type the way we do?  Are there other ways to go about it?  A lot of
it is historical, and these are thought experiments that go against that...
With these in mind, it seems like whoever made our rules did a pretty good job!

It's also a reminder to me of how easy it is to memorize what seems like a
daunting amount of knowledge if you just practice for a while. Some of these
only take a handful of minutes to memorize.

It's also a reminder of how much quicker information can be absorbed if you have the relevant 
scaffolding/associations to place it onto.

It's also fun to see how fast you can do them.  Last time I did the 4 finger timing based keboard, 
I was able to type the alphabet in about 20 seconds.

# Keyboards List

### 4 Finger Timing Based Keyboard ###
Demo at http://jsfiddle.net/csyykgct/4/

This keyboard only uses keys d, f, k and j. You use many keys struck within
200ms to enter other letters.

For example, fdjkjdfkjdff types "hello", but only if typed with proper timing.

I'm almost certain that if you've played piano or drums etc then the mappings will be absorbed 10X 
faster than via rote memorization.  You have to really enjoy tapping.

Key mappings are intentionally weird and nonsensical, though shorter
combinations of letters are given to vowels.

If you've every played drums, particularly quads/tenor drums, I bet these will
stick much easier.  It's fairly analgous to various rudiments.

Commit message:

adding word abbreviation keyboard, cleaning some stuff up

README.md, after:

# weird_keyboards
weird javascript keyboards.  mostly for psychological testing.  mostly jsfiddles?

# What in the... Why?

I think text and typing is really cool.

Why do we type the way we do?  Are there other ways to go about it?  A lot of
it is historical, and these are thought experiments that go against that...
With these in mind, it seems like whoever made our rules did a pretty good job!

It's also a reminder to me of how easy it is to memorize what seems like a
daunting amount of knowledge if you just practice for a while. Some of these
only take a handful of minutes to memorize.

It's also a reminder of how much quicker information can be absorbed if you have the relevant 
scaffolding/associations to place it onto.

It's also fun to see how fast you can do them.  Last time I did the 4 key timing based keboard, 
I was able to type the alphabet in about 20 seconds.

# Keyboards List

### Long Words Abbreviation Keyboard ###

Demo at http://jsfiddle.net/sv5ak1cg/1/

This keyboard lets you type long words by typing the first and last letters of a word, 
and then as many additional characters as you think are necessary to uniquely specify a word.  The 
available word list is only words from the top 5k English words that have more than 6 characters, 
though.

For example, you can type normally, then if you feel "agreement" is too long, press Esc + agt + Esc.

How good you are at this probably has to do with how fast you can consider word collisions 
(at least within common words).

### 4 Key Timing Based Keyboard ###
Demo at http://jsfiddle.net/csyykgct/6/

This keyboard only uses keys d, f, k and j. You use many keys struck within
200ms to enter other letters.

For example, fdjkjdfkjdff types "hello", but only if typed with proper timing.

I'm almost certain that if you've played piano or drums etc then the mappings will be absorbed 10X 
faster than via rote memorization.  You have to really enjoy tapping.

Key mappings are intentionally weird and nonsensical, though shorter
combinations of letters are given to vowels.

If you've every played drums, particularly quads/tenor drums, I bet these will
stick much easier.  It's fairly analgous to various rudiments.
